hey guys my name is Julianna Palencia
aka Jujubee and welcome to my channel so
today I have a current favorite haul I
think I did one maybe it was March for
April so this is my current favorites
for the past few months and make sure
that I keep this video unspotted so you
guys can know what I am using I have
lots of products that I love and that I
use however these current favorites are
products that are my go-to if I need my
hair to look bald then I'm gonna go to
these products because they give me
consistently really good results also
when I want you guys to do is comment
your favorite kernel product below
because I actually take you guys
suggestions you guys have put me onto so
many products that I never would have
known about and I just might do a first
impressions video on the products that
you guys suggest so let me know down in
the comments below so I'm going to put a
little disclaimer that a lot of these
products you may see again because I
tend to stick with products that I
really love I don't just want to say oh
let me try to find a new product that I
love if you saw the previous video you
may be seeing these repeatedly but
that's just means that I truly love
these Wow without me talking too much
I'm just gonna get into my current
favorite products so the first one is
the dark and lovely all natural clumping
curl clay cleanser I love to use
cleansing conditioners um which means
that their cleansers but they also have
some conditioning capabilities so your
hair doesn't feel stripped I don't think
that this is labeled as a cleansing
conditioner but it is so moisturizing
and makes my hair soft it never ever
ever makes my hair feel strip I prefer
not to collage I prefer to wash my hair
every wash and with something like this
I don't feel like it's a problem at all
if you're looking for a new cleanser or
if you enjoy collaging I definitely
recommend looking into this one because
it really makes my hair feel really salt
but still cleanse so the next one is in
the
for us olive oil for naturals leave-in
conditioning cream yeah because it just
is so thick and has so much slip and is
so moisturizing I've had so many people
reach out to me saying that they tried
out this product and they really end up
loving it and I love this because I've
done y'all follow me no no I love my
products thick and heavy and I feel like
this is thick and heavy but I'm still
able to work it through my hair like
some products are thick and heavy but I
feel like it's like they have no slip
like I'm almost kind of like breaking
off my hair by putting it through my
hair because it's just like like that
shea butter a type of feel this one has
a loads of slip so the next product is
my matrix overachiever and you guys have
seen this in my vacation routine this is
like a thick paste product I love to use
this product for my ponytails buns or
half bun so with this my hair isn't
stiff and crunchy and it has some
flexibility to it still so that I don't
have to wash it immediately after taking
out like my bun or a ponytail so the
next thing I'm pretty sure I picked this
in my last haul actually all of these
maybe in my last haul but this is my
Geron o conditioning oil blends and I
felt really bad for recommending this
because it was discontinued but I guess
it had a lot of demand because I went
back on their website today and it's
back up there this is my favorite oil to
use because not only does it smell so
good I know smell is subjective but this
smells so good to me like sometimes I'll
just put it on my hair just because it
makes me smell so good but it is a great
oil for me if I have like flakes in my
hair or less after too much it goes all
over my hair
tend to do sometimes this will really
help to get rid of those flakes and add
shine to my hair and makes it feel
softer and I'm not a big fan of oils at
all but I do use this on like a weekly
basis
so my next current fave I love eco
styler but my favorite is the super
protein eco styler I feel like that's
very moisturizing I'm not the biggest
fan of the argan oil and olive oil eco
solids because maybe it's the oil linen
but I feel like they don't have that
much hold this one I feel like has great
hold it but still makes my hair feel
very moisturize and doesn't make my hair
like flaky I feel like out of all the
eco scholars to me personally this one
seems to flake the least I don't know if
it's because it's black like if you guys
can see it's black and my hair is dark
brown black so maybe that's part of the
reason but I definitely would cry if
this got discontinued so please don't do
that you go sellers so that is all for
my current favorite haul thank you guys
so much for watching please give me a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll see
you guys in my next video
[Music]